README.md, before:

The original GEMF implementation in C was developed by Futing Fan, [Copyright (c) 2016](LICENSE). It has since been updated by [Niema Moshiri](https://niema.net/).

This version will be further modified to efficiently and deterministically reproduce the analysis of [The molecular epidemiology of multiple zoonotic origins of SARS-CoV-2](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abp8337), based on the code published in the authors' GitHub [repository](https://github.com/sars-cov-2-origins/multi-introduction) and the methods described in the [Supplementary Materials](https://www.science.org/doi/suppl/10.1126/science.abp8337/suppl_file/science.abp8337_sm.v2.pdf). 

## Installation
The `GEMF` tool is written in C and has no dependencies beyond a modern C++ compiler (and `make` for convenience). You can simply download the latest release tarball (or clone the repo) and compile with `make`:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/niemasd/GEMF.git
cd GEMF
make
sudo mv GEMF /usr/local/bin/ # optional step to install globally
```

Commit message:

Added graph generator, parameter file and status file
- ba_gg is a simple C program that generates Barabasi-Albert graph and writes the edge list in a form readable by GEMF. The algorithm is the same as used by FAVITES (see https://github.com/niemasd/NiemaGraphGen/blob/main/barabasi_albert.cpp).
- status.txt and para.txt are those generated by FAVITES in the published example run (see https://github.com/sars-cov-2-origins/multi-introduction/tree/main/FAVITES-COVID-Lite/example_run/GEMF_files)
- instructions are modified to include graph generation and running GEMF

README.md, after:

The original GEMF implementation in C was developed by Futing Fan, [Copyright (c) 2016](LICENSE). It has since been updated by [Niema Moshiri](https://niema.net/).

This version will be further modified to efficiently and deterministically reproduce the analysis of [The molecular epidemiology of multiple zoonotic origins of SARS-CoV-2](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abp8337), based on the code published in the authors' GitHub [repository](https://github.com/sars-cov-2-origins/multi-introduction) and the methods described in the [Supplementary Materials](https://www.science.org/doi/suppl/10.1126/science.abp8337/suppl_file/science.abp8337_sm.v2.pdf). 

## Installation
The `GEMF` tool is written in C and has no dependencies beyond a modern C++ compiler (and `make` for convenience). You can simply clone the repo and compile with `make`:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/niemasd/GEMF.git
cd GEMF
make
```

`ba_gg` can then be compiled and run to generate a network.

```bash
gcc -o ba_gg ba_gg.c pcg_basic.c
./ba_gg
```

`GEMF` can then be run with the input file `para.txt`, which refers to the generated network and `status.txt`.

```bash
./GEMF para.txt
```
